Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to finish the uploaded videos.
Okay, not to do this.
We're going to need to go back to our vious record.
And as you know, the controller's territory is where we're going to be creating all our logics.
Okay, so what is controllers that try regularly to create a new phy and we're going to call this FY
video on this car controller.
And yes, picture the arch debt.
Okay.
And now we can then use control B to make this right.
The first thing is we're going to need to create a class and we're going to call this class video controller.
Okay.
And we can extend from the get s controller.
Now, what we can do is we can get rid of all this.
We can just get rid of all this and a light and use controlled.
They're going to be important from the gets large gets.
Okay.
So we have access to all the get us packages.
Now the first thing to do is to create an empty video.
Least the case it's did is where you're going to create a finite variable and you're going to specify
that is going to be a type of arrest.
What is arrest is going to do is there's no listing for changes we are making to the videos.
Okay.
And we can specify it is a type of list.
And now going to need to call the vigil modo.
Okay.
You find the reason EOS did not get imported lights and use control dots.
And now we need to greater down.
Okay.
Now you're going to create a private rebel so you can see on this car video.
Least then it's going to be equal to the same thing.
Okay.
Well, this time around, we're going to wrap it with this and say it is an empty list that has.
A semicolon.
Okay.
Now, for the now, what we simply did is at this moment, we do not have any videos in this uses.
So in this video collection.
Okay.
Now, as you know, this is a private variable.
So it's a look in the best possible within this class or within this file.
So now all we can do is we can make it globally accepted.
So to make this globally accepted, we are going to need to create a getter so over.
Yet we can see list and.
As well.
The type of variable is going to be the video model.
You can see over here in the model Zaatari, we have this video class.
So this are the fields we are trying to refer to.
Okay.
And now we can then say get.
And now we are going to create a variable which is not going to be private and as what is going to be
called video list.
And now we can then use another function.
And then called out on this car.
Video, Liz Ribble.
And then we'll just says the value which is simply this okay for the now we said the figure is empty.
Okay.
So by doing this, we are transferring what is there?
So this.
Very now I cannot within make it private.
So it's not going to be us.
It's not going to be generally available.
Okay.
Now, what we need to do is to create something known as a needs.
So on it's on in.
Sorry.
So this is something similar to the in this states.
Whatever we do here is going to get drawn immediately.
The screen laws.
Okay.
So over a year.
We can't just get rid of this.
Over year revenue need to call that we've acquired so we acquire within make it private video list.
Then we need to say dogs bind stream and now all we need to do is to have access to those videos collection.
Because once I have access to all the documents we have and for now we just have two documents, that
is two videos.
Okay.
Now to have access to the coalition, we need to codify I think we called it fire.
Faster.
First.
Right.
And we condense that collection.
And the collection is what?
The.
The ideas.
Right.
Okay.
And.
Now we need to say dots.
Snap shut.
And Dodd's map.
That is a running look over each document we have.
And for now, we just have to document.
Okay.
And now we can get rid of this and break this to the next line.
Now he's asking for the votes.
Okay.
Now we're referring to all the documents we have in the videos.
These documents is known as each video is known as document snapshot.
What all videos puts together is referred to as query snapshots.
So we need to specify the event or value that it is a type of what's query.
Snapshots after looking over each document, then it's not going to be words.
Document snapshots.
Okay, so you understand this, and now we can just specify it type of query.
Okay.
You can also go with the query snapshot and now as well.
What we need to do is we are seeking to create an entity list.
And it's going to be a time of the video model.
And the stimulus is required to.
And into this.
So we can just create a way to store the results again for this return value.
Okay.
And this.
And now we can look.
Okay.
So we can just had.
It's an error, so we can just have this.
Okay.
And now we can then look over these documents.
And for the now we have just two documents.
Okay.
Now, to do this, all we just have to say is for.
For.
Okay.
We can just use this.
We can then see for.
Were.
In.
Sorry.
You can get rid of this for.
Elements.
Elements, elements, elements.
In.
Query.
Okay.
I think we call this.
Record this query dot.
Dot.
Dos.
Okay.
The stocks.
And what we need to do is to then say.
Once every time I think we have this element error.
Okay.
I think it's in knots.
Used.
We're just gonna check this out, okay?
Okay.
Yeah, we can say four elements.
Four elements.
Four elements in query.
That's one to look over each document.
Right.
And now we can then say return value.
That's hot.
Okay.
Just to copy this.
The key.
Club pitches.
And -- then darts hearts they want to add to that list.
So I think we need this.
Okay.
Once I had that list and.
That's hard.
Get okay over here.
This is going to be the video.
I think there's a lot the video the what's the it's from.
Snap.
Okay.
And over here we need to pass in the elements.
This is basically it.
I think we need this.
I mean, it's going to hover, and this is what we need.
Okay.
This.
So I think.
Over in this indecency.
Okay.
We need an addition.
And over in this.
Okay.
We're just going to look.
Now, lastly, we need to say.
Over year.
I'm just going to have this.
And now we need to see return.
Want to turn the.
It's over.
Okay.
Isn't it?
Get rid of this.
Okay, great.
This is basically it.
First of all, we created an entity list and we call this repo video list.
And as you know, we're not going to be able to access this in other ways.
So what we did was to override this by creating this and via raising the only net, which I said is
similar to the in this state.
Then we are calling this Rainbow Warrior.
And we have we said bind stream.
Then once I have access to the video collection and the snaps, then want to map over each documents
we have.
Every documents put together is referred to as document snapshots.
So now we have looked.
That's means we are looking over each document.
And each document is referred to as what?
Query snapshots.
What all puts together is referred to as what's.
All put together separate sized query snapshot what each document is known as document snapshots.
So at this stage, at this stage, it's his query snapshot.
But mainly we map true at this stage.
So it is query snapshot.
But a manual mapped to each document is not known.
That's what's.
Document, snapshot and overlay.
We also created a readable called Rets value return value, which is we just add value and is also required
to empty.
And over here we are simply adding to this list in the value we are simply was returning the value.
I think there's a lot I think this is more easier to do when using a provider.
I think I use a provider in the ecommerce section and I think this is this is a bit similar to that
of the provider, but this is a bit complex.
You want to know how to do this with provider.
You can wash the e-commerce section where I did something similar to this.
I think that's more easy to understand than this because in that section I use provider and of I'm using
get is okay guys this is basically it so we have successfully fetched our data from our videos so went
over.
This video's collection and we run the look over each item and that's a display that.
And is basically it's okay, guys.
See you and in this lecture.